HTTP is a protocol for communication between client and a server

HTTP - Hyper Text Transfer Protocol - it is text base - exchange of text
The form of the request is text and the form of the response is also text

HTTP allows us to transfer resources like HTML, JSON, JS files, images CSS styles and others. 

We transfer these resources via HTTP.

Through the HTTP protocol we are able to send requests from the 
client through the server using for example JSON

WEB (access to web content like websites) is a service in the Internet

HTTP is request-response based. A server cannot send a response without a request being made.
The Client makes a request. The server returns a response based on that request. 
The initiator od the communication is always the Client. 

The Web Client is a Software. A Web Client for example is the Browser -> the Browser is a software.

A Server is a Software. The machine on which this Software runs becomes a Web Server.

Web servers serve web content through the HTTP protocol. 

DEVELOPMENT WEB SERVER - LIVE SERVER - serves the content while we develop

HTTP defines methods to indicate the desired action to be performed - get, post, put, patch, delete, head, options

The method defines the goal of the request is. 

GET - when the Client make a get request, the Server understand that we want receive some content ->
loading a home or profile page, getting search results

POST - the Client send information to the Server so a content to be created ->
creating a profile or a post

PUT - the client sends updated information to the server -> 
editing an existing comment

DELETE - The Client says to the Server to delete a content 

PATCH - partial update

REST - representational state transfer
REST is a convention about how to structure our requests and responses

REST is an architecture for client-server communication over HTTP

REST defines a set of rules for achieving a standard communication between a Client and a Server

Simply said, we can make all CRUD operations using one and the same URI -> 
we need only the name of the resource and a unique identifier 
if we need to get, update or delete a specific item

A resource is a logical part of our application. For example, products, users, likes
We write the resource name in plural
Resources can be nested -> https://github.com/BeatrisIlieva/devto-articles/commits/main/
BeatrisIlieva/devto-articles/ - double identificator
devto-articles is a resource
commits is a nested resource

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN URL AND URI - the URL is the entire address, 
URI is the part in the URL that is related to the concrete resource 

https://github.com/BeatrisIlieva/devto-articles -> URL
BeatrisIlieva/devto-articles -> URI

NPM - Node Package Manager - allows us to install libraries and packages