JS is a high level programming language (in high level programming languages 
an interpreter (a program) reads the script line by line 
and directly executes the instructions without converting it into machine 
code as it happens in compile time languages)

C-like syntax (curly-brackets, identifiers, operators).
The block of codes are defined by the curly-brackets
Identifiers (name of a variable) - can start with _ and letters; it cannot start with a number
With const we say that we do not want the value of the variable to be changed

Variables and functions are written in camelCase

The type of a variable is defined by the type of the literal 
that is used to define the variable value (
    (declaration) (definition)
     const a =  [1, 2, 3] 
    -> array literal 
    -> the type of the variable is object
    )

JS can be executed both on the server and on the client.
It can run in the Browser and in Node.js - server-side JS runtime that executes 
the code on the machine. Node.js is based on the V8 engine.

Multi-paradigm (imperative, OOP and functional programming).
Dynamic typing:

- Dynamically typed languages: Types are checked at runtime (e.g., Python, JavaScript).
- Statically typed languages: Types are checked at compile time (e.g., Java, C++).

- Dynamically typed: Variables can change types and new properties 
and methods can be added to objects at runtime
- Statically typed: Variables must have a fixed type, declared explicitly 

- Dynamic typing catches type errors at runtime
- Static typing catches type errors before runtime

ECMAScript is a standard for scripting languages such as JavaScript. 
It defines the rules for how JavaScript should behave.

Chromium is an open source Browser engine. V8 is an interpreter for JS in the 
Chromium based Browsers. 

ECMASript standards are implemented in the V8 engine. So it knows how to run JS according
to these standards. 

The Client is a software that makes HTTP requests in order to access 
content through the HTTP protocol.

The Server is a software that listens on a given port for HTTP requests and answers them.
It may provide content back such as HTML, JSON or JS files. 


NPM package manager allows us to install libraries

String interpolation with `` with backticks