JS is the core technology of the service World Wide Web. World Wide Web is the service
in the Internet that allows us to access web content. The other core technologies in
World Wide Web are HTML and CSS. HTML is the content, CSS styles the content, 
JS makes the content interactive.

Dynamic typing, means that we do not declare the types of the variables. The values have type
not the variables. There is no step in which the code is firstly compiled. In compiled
languages the code is firstly compiled and turned into files 
containing machine code. Then this files are executed. In JS the code is directly interpreted
and executed. This, in compiled time languages the errors are caught before execution, while
in interpreted languages they are caught at execution.

Because JS is dynamically types language, we can change the values of the variables or 
to add new properties to the objects at runtime.

In the Chromium based Browsers, there is built-in JS interpreter named V8. 
ECMAScript is the standard that describes what JS should be. V8 follows ECMAScript rules.

Node.js also integrates the V8 engine. 

There are two types of memory - the Stack and the Heap.
The stack is a relatively small amount of memory dedicated for the runtime of the program.
The Heap is the machine memory.

The value of the primitive data types stay in the stack. 
The value of the primitive data types stay in the heap.

The callstack is in the Stack. The callstack contains the execution contexts. 
Function execution context stay in the stack. If a function call another function
a new execution context is created. Each execution context has its variables. 

In JS all numbers (integers and decimals) are of one type -> Number.
In Python we have float and integer. 

Null - represent an intentional absence of any object value. We declare a variable 
and we define value null.
Undefined - means that something still does not have a value. We declare a variable
but we do not define any value.

Identifier = the name of the variable or a function:

let name = 'Pesho' -> name is Identifier
function solve(){} -> solve is identifier
let obj = {name: "pesho"} -> name is a property identifier

Variables that are assigned a non-primitive value are given a reference to that value

The keyword var and function declarations have the characteristic of function scope hoisting.
This means that their declarations go at the top. And later, when the interpreted
reaches to the line where they are declared, they get defined. 

In JS there is :
1. Global Scope
    In the Browser window === this === globalThis (we can access the global scope through them)
2. Function Scope
2. Block Scope

The difference between let and const is that, when we define a variable with let we expect
that its value will change, when we define a variable we const we do not expect its value
to change in the future. 

Method is a function that is attached or belongs to an object.
String is an object in JS. It has its methods:
someString.toLowerCase()

toLowerCase() is a method of the string